(Update) HEC Connector information (#7105)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/governance/audit-trail/audit-streaming.md

   The streaming destination gets configured and appears in the list of destinations under **Audit Log Streaming**. By default the destination is inactive.

> :::HEC Configuration Troubleshooting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: info troubleshoot HEC configurations
```

> Customers may encounter some issues with the HEC connector.  Here are some common troubleshooting steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At times, you might issues with the HEC connector. Here are some troubleshooting steps you can take to resolve common issues.
```

> 1. HEC connector should be set without a declared `sourcetype`.  Although the data will be JSON-Formatted, it is not declared as such.  Setting a sourcetype as `JSON` may filter data from the stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You should set HEC connectors without a declared `sourcetype`. Although the data will be JSON-formatted, it is not declared as such. Setting a `sourcetype` as `JSON` might filter data from the stream.
```

![](../../governance/audit-trail/static/hec_connector_notype.png)

> 2. Harness utilzies the [following standard endpoints](https://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/Splunk/9.2.1/Data/HECRESTendpoints), and are automatically appended to the customer's URL.  They are not customizable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Harness utilizes the [following standard endpoints](https://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/Splunk/9.2.1/Data/HECRESTendpoints) and appends them automatically to the customer's URL. They are not customizable.
```

> ::: info troubleshoot HEC configurations
> At times, you might issues with the HEC connector. Here are some troubleshooting steps you can take to resolve common issues.
> 1. You should set HEC connectors without a declared `sourcetype`. Although the data will be JSON-formatted, it is not declared as such. Setting a `sourcetype` as `JSON` might filter data from the stream.
> ![](../../governance/audit-trail/static/hec_connector_notype.png)
> 2. Harness utilizes the [following standard endpoints](https://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/Splunk/9.2.1/Data/HECRESTendpoints) and appends them automatically to the customer's URL. They are not customizable.
> /services/collector/event
> /services/collector/health
> /services/server/info
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: info troubleshoot HEC configurations
At times, you might issues with the HEC connector. Here are some troubleshooting steps you can take to resolve common issues.

- You should set HEC connectors without a declared `sourcetype`. Although the data will be JSON-formatted, it is not declared as such. Setting a `sourcetype` as `JSON` might filter data from the stream.

   ![](../../governance/audit-trail/static/hec_connector_notype.png)

- Harness utilizes the [following standard endpoints}(https://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/Splunk/9.2.1/Data/HECRESTendpoints) and appends them automatically to the customer's URL. They are not customizable.
   - `/services/collector/event`
   - `/services/collector/health`
   - `/services/server/info`
:::
```

   The streaming destination gets configured and appears in the list of destinations under **Audit Log Streaming**. By default the destination is inactive.

> ::: info troubleshoot HEC configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info troubleshoot HEC configurations
```

> At times, you might issues with the HEC connector. Here are some troubleshooting steps you can take to resolve common issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At times, you might experience issues with the HEC connector. Here are some troubleshooting steps you can take to resolve common issues.
```

> - You should set HEC connectors without a declared `sourcetype`. Although the data will be JSON-formatted, it is not declared as such. Setting a `sourcetype` as `JSON` might filter data from the stream.

Reviewer 2: I think this is more of a current implementation limitation, We can have an enhancement  for customer to configure SourceType on Splunk connector and send it as part of Request.

Author: Hi Piyush.
I'm good with that, but currently, this is the needed configuration.  We can update this documentation again after we complete the enhancement

Author: Created Jira to track Enhancement request:
https://harness.atlassian.net/browse/PL-52052

> - You should set HEC connectors without a declared `sourcetype`. Although the data will be JSON-formatted, it is not declared as such. Setting a `sourcetype` as `JSON` might filter data from the stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You should set HEC connectors without a declared `SourceType`. Although the data will be JSON-formatted, it is not declared as such. Setting a `SourceType` as `JSON` might filter data from the stream.
```

   ![](../../governance/audit-trail/static/hec_connector_notype.png)

> - Harness utilizes the [following standard endpoints}(https://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/Splunk/9.2.1/Data/HECRESTendpoints) and appends them automatically to the customer's URL. They are not customizable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Harness utilizes the following [standard endpoints](https://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/Splunk/9.2.1/Data/HECRESTendpoints) and appends them automatically to the customer's URL. They are not customizable.
```
